fuck okay suck my dick Darren feel her
back hi I'm corrosion and I'm Smith and
we have the product for you introducing
decision when you want to because no one
will know an atar 5000 it saves you from
that embarrassing slip of the tongue and
allows you to let er fly in the middle
of class choose from a variety of sounds
such as foghorn samuel jackson and
classic beep it's what you've been
waiting for
doing the wrong side man his mother fuck
good job thank you suck my dirty cop so
don't be a and buy our product
whiskey
Oh q hace
Oh
the say shit when you want to because no
one will know inator 5000 comes in a
simple daily chewable pill and is not
FDA approved side effects include
itching wheezing losing scarring
irregular bowel bowel movements and
brain tooth if beeping lasts over an
hour consult a doctor if you have an
erection lasting more than four hours
you probably took the wrong pill enough
is enough I have had it with these
monkey fighting snakes on this runny to
Friday play about the open for freaking
window